I'll update the login route to use Supabase Auth properly. Let me implement this change:


Searched for "Find the login route, auth configuration, and Supabase client setup"
I'm analyzing our progress so far with integrating Supabase authentication properly.

✓ Created Supabase client configuration
✓ Created database migration scripts
✓ Started work on admin user creation
→ Need to update login route to use Supabase Auth properly

I'll update the login route to use Supabase's built-in authentication instead of querying the users table directly. This is a better approach that will leverage Supabase's security features.


Restarted Start application

Took a screenshot
Let me update the authentication system to use Supabase Auth properly. First, I'll look for the authentication routes:


Searched for "Find authentication routes and auth implementation"
Let me look at the specific auth.ts file to better understand how to update it:


Opened server/auth.ts
Now let me check the routes.ts file to find the login route implementation:


Opened server/routes.ts
Now I'll update the authentication system to use Supabase Auth properly. Let me modify the server/auth.ts file:


Edited server/auth.ts
Now let's update the registration/sign-up functionality to use Supabase Auth as well:


Edited server/routes.ts
Let me update the logout route to also sign out from Supabase Auth:


Edited server/routes.ts
I see there are some issues with the Supabase integration. The error message indicates that the tables don't exist in the Supabase database: relation "public.users" does not exist. Let me help you get this fixed.

First, let's add proper Supabase configuration to check if the connection credentials are working:


Opened server/supabase.ts
I've analyzed the situation and see that we need to run the SQL migration script to create the tables in Supabase before the application can work properly.

The error in the logs is telling us that the tables don't exist: relation "public.users" does not exist. This is normal since we're using Supabase as our database, but we haven't yet created the tables.

Let me check the migration file:


Opened SUPABASE_MIGRATION.md
I see what's happening. The database tables haven't been created in your Supabase database yet. Let me explain the issue and the solution:

Current Issue
Your application is trying to connect to Supabase but the error relation "public.users" does not exist means the required database tables haven't been created yet
We need to run the SQL migration script that's included in your project to set up all the necessary tables
What You Need to Do
Run the SQL Migration Script in Supabase:

Log into your Supabase dashboard
Go to the SQL Editor section
Copy and paste the SQL script from the SUPABASE_MIGRATION.md file (the entire script that creates all tables)
Run the script to create all your database tables
After Creating the Tables:

Run the admin user creation script with:
npx tsx server/create-admin-user.ts
This will create your admin account with:
Email: samsutton@rich-habits.com
Password: Arlodog2013!
Then restart the application:

After running both the migration and creating the admin, the application should work correctly
Would you like me to help you with any modifications to the authentication system or would you prefer to run the migration first and see if that resolves the issue?